why you've really been a physical
aggressor here as you look at the total
yardage numbers and shows what they got
right there to tell it to have zero
space
they were just had ever stayed on these
heels and they were able to push the
face against the Sun Devils and now we
got a 20/20 time they're going into
overtime so you know we came up to plan
the second round jjt what's up
thirty two minutes
first position the first overtime a
25-yard line
summers standing at
lately some work wonder that the tank
will get spread ahead and his down to 23
if there's an advantage it from a
special team stamp one with kickers it
goes to ASU obviously time is whoever's
only grows Award winner Watson and
Jaeckel are both guys that have limited
experience cheeky
it's particular situation
daddy's gonna make it sometimes now you
see over the century mark
this creates a lot of controversy but it
is technically the past so therefore if
the ball comes out of the corner of X
and it's a passive hits the ground it's
powerful it is considered a pass like
any other pass here's a look to see us
are going for thoughts consider
beforehand so thoughtful
we're over life
Experion
what you're different
it's a first Democrat to the ASU ten
deposited by Ryan wolf who took to guide
and they have a boost down a cool-down
join Doolin who's coming into the blitz
that got defensively because some of us
gotta find a way to solve this riddle
tonight that's been done you and all the
office around that spread did blitzed on
that plane trying to get pressure on the
quarterback
Hrbek still they weren't able to do it
up on our wall
possession of overtime bitch do the tank
if simply is night down after a couple
yard pickup Khalid Parker coming in
wheat sideline back to let your freshman
with example there's a look at number 21
in stay at Anthony great player to ASU
and in the NFL this was the second half
of melon overtime was just be able to be
effective our first down to be able to
get positive yards and open up the
with Brett Somers or an omen are things
between a phenomenal job
it summers
last
suck it down
at the 3 yard line that was a close call
because uh right now I walked what was
came down with that football he did come
down the fall but he started to lean
backwards so they had like he was in a
trench splash in the end zone as watch
the ball tipped quarterback those bots
tipped
Nolan zipped it the tremendous cuts of
treasure boxes being able to come down
the peanut Luka sort of akin is trying
to think backwards
the reaction can play four to five Nolan
Sinquefield a chance at its third day
and I go down the weapons at the devil's
three
first first possession
the corner engine
that is intended receiver
Nolan who's coming in on the Blitz
and he wanted flair in the corner
and reached up a fourth down for the
rebels the tough decision from Mike's
after he's going to have to kick the
field goal because in essence if they do
not they just open up the door for ASU
just kick with Thomas Weber so you know
we know
take the filler get the points
to top buyers on sticks to things we
were to keep them for sorting that touch
for Watson is already connected to
explain yards here in the second half we
put you out of here
and that was the reading here
and the kick is through there so UNLV
gets points on their first possession it
might say efforts team out in front 23
came out here in motion with the robbers
came to town they were partners they
just pushed their base they as you know
the Christians did the house there's
some stickers club you got to come out
they got the bar now it's on the 25-yard
line
they got a smart touch time to come out
of here with a victory
carpenters numbers he's had better games
they focused on the hunting game tonight
giving them
because see the victory of the touch
err first possession of the first two
times and after dance went ahead he
slams down to the 22 and it's not been
easy between the tackles of plate for
peeling senior and from Orem Utah on the
tackle
typically during the course of the game
because the defensive staff is they're
gonna make adjustments on the sidelines
that's why players usually get at the
ranch with the coach so they make those
adjustments to whatever it is they're
seen as a bill and you know if he's been
able to adjust it there's always they
would adjust then you know people just
that's how you see that full puppy like
before especially successful time you
see the pebbles have done a good job in
close games simplier it's a handoff to
dance it's sort of your call they get it
from doing with heel down to the 18 that
sets up third down and short from there
you don't want to turn it over the
game's over you turn it over that's the
tricky thing here you got it at least
put yourself in position with weber but
now third and three and nice to move two
chains and you could do it on the ground
here but they've not done a good job on
third downs tonight
right away
here comes with
the chairs on the state did not envision
the game was going to end this way at
this point but you know he again just
pushing the pace on the Sun Devils and
just not allowing them to get the big
play that's what's been missing in the
second half is a big play ability you
haven't seen a lot of take drugs you
haven't seen a lot of big catches so you
know these defensive staff is that a
really good dog job I'll bump you down
the stubble office tennis runner
Chanukah for he will submit this one out
of a mold of Danny Sullivan to keep this
thing going and send it to the second
overtime
the old people
stunning upset shots the 13th ranked Sun
Devils 20 here at Sun Devil Stadium my
goodness what a big win for Mike Sanders
unbelievable on this game called the FIR
answer the second half